Start in CRM, on Vehicles.
p02
Read the top band before you open anyone's account.
p03
Nearly four thousand vehicles on file, and fourteen flagged.
p04
Fourteen. Across the whole network.
p05
That tells you this ticket is almost certainly one member, not a wave.
p06
So work the funnel in order: the account, the plate, the blocklist, the hardware.
p07
Open the member from the customer list and go to the Membership tab.
p08
Three blocks answer most of these tickets.
p09
Loyalty and points holds the barcode.
p10
That is the code the P-O-S actually reads.
p11
Plan details tells you the status is active.
p12
Billing cycle tells you the next charge, so the plan is not past due.
p13
Any of those fails, and you already have your answer.
p14
Now the header chips.
p15
Plate linked is the one that matters here.
p16
It says a plate is on file for the cameras.
p17
Open the Vehicles tab and read what is actually on the account.
p18
No chip, or the wrong plate, and the gate has nothing to match.
p19
Do not add a vehicle.
p20
You report the gap. You never fill it from the demo.
p21
Back out to CRM Vehicles and search the exact plate.
p22
The master list is the plate's own record:
p23
license plate, make and model, year, customer, location, status, last visit.
p24
Confirm three things.
p25
Right customer. A sane status. A last visit that matches the member's story.
p26
One caution from today's capture: the list returned a fetch error.
p27
Make sure rows actually loaded before you say a plate is not on file.
p28
Now the blocklist. Settings, Users and Security, Blacklisted.
p29
Four columns: plate, terminal, created by, created.
p30
A plate on this list is refused at the gate no matter how healthy the membership looks.
p31
So a clean account with a won't-scan symptom sends you straight here.
p32
Read it and leave it alone.
p33
Adding or removing a blacklisted plate from the demo is forbidden.
p34
Both clean? Then it's the site.
p35
Open IT and Support, then System Alerts.
p36
A tunnel or P-O-S fault at the member's location would surface here.
p37
In today's corpus the page would not load at all.
p38
If it is still down when you get there, hold the parked card
p39
and route the hardware question to the site team.
p40
Still in IT and Support, open the Support Queue.
p41
You want an open ticket at the member's home site.
p42
Today's capture has one: an L-P-R ticket at Miami North, high priority.
p43
L-P-R is the plate-reading hardware.
p44
An open ticket there changes your whole read.
p45
This stops being one member and becomes an attachment to a known site issue.
p46
One last stop, and it's a quiet one.
p47
Settings, Operations, Cancellation Reasons.
p48
The migrated reason set includes R-F-I-D tag issues, not reading.
p49
That is a recognized failure mode,
p50
and naming it tells the next team exactly what the field already knows.
p51
Confirm the wording against the live list.
p52
The rows did not load in today's capture.
p53
Now build the ticket.
p54
State which checks passed and which failed.
p55
Barcode present, plan active, or not.
p56
Plate linked, or not. The master-list status.
p57
Whether the plate appears on Blacklisted.
p58
Any open L-P-R ticket or system alert at the site.
p59
Tag the R-F-I-D reason when it fits, and name the location.
p60
The fix happens in production with the right role.
p61
A relink, a blocklist removal, a dispatch. Never here.
p62
That's the funnel.
p63
Frame it on the vehicle list.
p64
Read the barcode, the status, and the next charge.
p65
Confirm the plate is linked, find it in the master list, check the blocklist,
p66
then work the hardware trail through alerts and the queue.
p67
Most tickets never reach the bottom.
p68
And you changed nothing on the way down.